how is it that every time a valuable gem
is found in a new area people always
gravitate to it like they're gonna
strike gold and never have to work again
honestly i'd probably do the same even
to a remote alien moon that's exactly
what happens in 2018's prospect but of
course it isn't a smooth ride spoiler
alert for those that haven't seen the
movie yet and while this is my opinion
it's no substitute for watching it for
yourself links to the film are in the
description
[Music]
for a film about space scavengers this
was the last kind of music i expected
but i'm digging it here we open up with
c a young girl who is traveling across
space to scavenge for a rare gem on a
toxic planet this is one of the most
intricate space stations i've seen in a
film in a while and you can see that the
moon is just covered in a toxic green
gas how did they even find this gem in
the first place as the space station
prepares for its final orbit around the
moon c goes to get ready to embark on
her landing it's here that we meet damon
her father who's also preparing for
their landing on the moon turns out that
since this is the last rotation of the
space station the two of them could end
up stranded on the moon if they don't
make it back in time we have three
cycles for the job before we have to
catch the sling back
plenty of time yeah i'm not gonna trust
that
i feel like a drug habit is a terrible
thing to feed into on a potentially
dangerous time sensitive mission on a
deadly planet as damon tries to tell c
the story of her birth c pleads for them
to go back to their home planet soon
[Music]
gutter jobs just
temporary
yeah i'm not gonna trust that either
after the two of them go to sleep the
alarm sounds for their time to get ready
to depart
is he really reading the manual on how
to fly the ship shouldn't you be pretty
confident in flying a spaceship if
you're gonna be flying your daughter
around there's something about watching
yourself fall from a space place to a
dangerous abyss
not good is what that was sure enough
the two of them start hitting the
atmosphere with such intensity that
damon can't steer the ship properly as
they continue their descent he tries to
hold the ship together as they crash
land on the toxic moon after c finds
where they landed on the map damon
decides that it's still a good idea to
go looking for the gems even though
their ship is broken and they only have
so much time before they're abandoned
yeah i'd be worried too
cool little bit of info the little
particles of gas dust you see on the
planet isn't cgi it's actually basement
dust that was thrown into the air to
give the moon its gaseous effect after a
quick comms and air filter check the two
of them set out
it's an old or liked egg
leftovers from the rush
so they aren't even there for the
initial rush they're actually more like
scavengers trying to find what's left
after everyone else got their goods soon
the two of them try to see if the last
crew missed anything at the dig site
whew is the planet alive with these
things after they remove the sack and
cut it open they uncover another sack
which they burn away the flesh to show
the gem they've been digging for all
this time i'm not gonna lie it looks
really pretty almost like the opposite
of the amber fossils in jurassic park
after damon telsey how much that single
gem called oralek is worth c tries to
reason with him that they should return
now while they still can of course this
isn't enough for damon and he insists
that they continue inward
this is not up for discussion
i have a feeling he'll wish he had
listened to her after c refills their
water she goes to return to damon but
damon calls over the radio that men are
approaching their site as she watches
damon try and reason with the strangers
we meet ezra who is questioning him
it's damon
nice to meet you damon
i'm ezra ezra tries to prod information
out of damon but damon continues to try
and play dumb at this point why wouldn't
you just give him what he wants is that
one gem really worth your life in the
long haul of things after ezra is
disappointed by damon's lack to
cooperate he begins to use force to find
out where his ship is but damon has a
counteroffer he decides to tell ezra
about the location of a massive deposit
of the aura leg this intrigues ezra
at this point who's to say whether it's
a real place or an old urban legend
damon thinks it's worth his life though
and he tries to recruit ezra and his
companion to go get the orlak themselves
if they let him live ezra agrees
naturally
this is so exciting we all know where
this is headed as damon is escorted by
ezra and his companion c follows closely
behind with the gun
drop it
tell it to drop it
if a little girl came rushing out of a
toxic moon forest aiming a gun at me i'd
probably be a little nervous too
in all my time in the green
little girl
come to think of it why would you drag
your underage daughter to a hostile
toxic moon in the first place now that
the tables are turned daemon tries to
force ezra to give up his spoils of
auralic before daemon and sea escape if
he hadn't been so greedy things might
have gone a little different
now see is left stranded with a
dangerous stranger what does she do
where does she think she's gonna run to
her father just got shot to death the
dropship is damaged and she's about to
get chased by a man that could probably
outrun her no problem you gotta admire
her quick thinking at least eventually
ezra makes his way to seize dropship
where she is waiting for him
that's a damn good shot considering c is
a little girl that has never had to
shoot someone very nice of course
pulling the trigger on a defenseless man
is a little different afterwards kevin
waits girl shooter help
i'd be impatient too if the girl that
just shot me was just gonna let me bleed
out like that just get it done c has
other plans though she tries to barter
his life for a ride back to the
freighter but he won't talk until she
helps him fix his gunshot wound as cool
as it seems to use something like
extinguisher foam to seal a wound it
looks like it would hurt like hell
let's not question the girl holding a
gun to you right after you killed her
father i'd rather not test my luck after
a while the two of them set out to find
the mercs damon had been working for
they plan to harvest all of the queen's
lair and escape with it all in the
meantime ezra needs medical attention so
they venture to a nearby community of
religious scavengers as ezra tells them
what they'll offer in return for help
one of the boys brings out everything he
asks for and more
here is our offer
i'm sorry i don't understand
for the girl
should have seen that coming i'm pretty
sure she's the first and only female on
that moon in forever naturally sea runs
but she is chased after by one of the
members look how fast he runs after her
like a small space terminator after a
quick chase she loses her pursuer and
continues on her way solo as she
journeys to the edge of the forest she
hears a voice over the radio that makes
her turn around and go back when she
stumbles on to attend who does she find
inside
nice to know we're so comfortable with
each other now
who are you going to give me to them no
are we really gonna believe that this
man has been shot and left for dead by
this girl do you really think he
wouldn't have given her up in a
heartbeat to survive either way she
agrees to help perform an operation on
the gunshot wound that she inflicted at
least he's putting on a strong face for
her the sound of the cutting tool on
flesh is enough to make anyone queasy i
thought her cutting flesh sounded bad
enough between the sound of her cutting
bone and ezra's face here i don't think
i'd ever risk prospecting on an alien
moon
did she just chuck his arm like some
random trash hopefully he wasn't a
righty after the amputation the two of
them set off for the queen's lair again
by night time they come across the mercs
common sense says get on the spaceship
and get out of there right right when it
comes time to dig
i'll need you sharp never harvested
one-handed i'm gonna need some help
seriously you even admit you're at a
disadvantage get out of there of course
the two of them try to renegotiate the
original deal with the mercs then we're
not going to dig well now what she means
to say is that while transport is a
requisite part of the deal she's awfully
ballsy for someone that doesn't have a
weapon anymore these mercs could just
shoot them without breaking a sweat i
don't think this is the time to refuse
anything ezra gets it after some
aggressive negotiations everyone comes
to an agreement that works out for
everyone i stand corrected from earlier
it really is real
the anatomy of this whole process is
confusing the planet literally sounded
like it was crying in pain is it alive
is it just the acid melting could you
imagine having a fortune in your hands
just to watch it dissolve away and
you've got mercs with guns watching you
lose their money talk about working
under pressure c and ezra try over and
over again with the same results after
some time the mercs are getting restless
and they start questioning ezra's
ability to do the job to keep the mercs
happy sea jumps into the crater and
performs the process of salvaging
aurelik only to have the sack dissolve
just like ezra's the merc decides that
they can't perform the job and he begins
to walk away never turn your back on
anyone in this movie literally everyone
is out to get the next person it blows
my mind how some of these characters
have survived as long as they have c has
got to be one of the quickest thinkers
on this whole moon she always seems to
find a way out of these situations as
the dust settles ezra manages to down
one of the mercs but they're chased back
into the forest by the last one as c
attacks the merc the merc stabs ezra but
he's not going down just yet i swear the
second i heard the sound of the cutting
tool turn on i got shivers down my spine
as ezra sits against a tree dying c
starts to question whether she can save
him or not she runs to gather supplies
then she returns to ezra she's gonna
have to piece him back together by the
time the movie is over she has caused
ezra more pain trying to save him than
she did when she shot him originally the
two of them hobble back to the murk ship
and they take off to get back to the
freighter in orbit this girl has lost
her father lost all of her belongings
almost got sold and ended up escaping
with her father's killer but at least
she's able to be thankful to make it out
at least with that last smile the screen
cuts to the credits all in all it's the
classic escape from a bad situation with
the last person you'd expect as an ally
kind of movie but it changes enough
things to make it a fresh take on a
classic story definitely worth a watch
while that's my opinion of the movie
i'll leave it up to you to decide what
you think if you like this video don't
forget to like and subscribe to see more
and comment a film you think i should
watch next i'll see you in the next
video